 
haters stay humble
  how did we not knowwwwww
      oh shit
  oh shittttt
  go to the aquarium!!!
will internet fame get me into heaven?
send me to north korea i will bring peace
rap game my socks and pants don't match
oh shit i'm gonna get a caramel frappacino today bc i'm #decadent and #elegant
#ff  
  best idea
yo   controlling the future  
too drunk to tweet
zombie on the track
    lolllll like that would make your life any easier weren't you #1 hater??
  real question though do you remember when that guy was selling plots on the moon? what happened with that
north korea dm me sometimes i get emotional and act out also it's cool we can talk through it
  oh my goddd that first picture
imagine if you got paid cash for every feature you pushed how much more awesome would that be
remember when i saw the dude jerking off in a sleeping bag in dolores park
oh shit   just bought cashmoney.vc !!!!!
  ya progress!
90% over it
    hahahah dejavuuuu
  just embeds for now
  yup!
  did you take this?!
      idk if tweeting about fruit salad is controversial
god i lost like 5 followers
      you dont have to follow you can just #ff me
      thx for the follow
i haven't eaves dropped in a long time but damn other ppls convos are crazy
the thirst is super real at the vampire bar rn
  not soon enough
    please?!? we don't need to beg the peasants
  miss you &lt;3
    don't throw this out
    oh my god
no suschat in this article what a joke
  ya me too
socks are such bullshit im basically over them
  turns out all designers borrow from each other (more at 11)
  i wanna chill on vespas with you on sprang break
  nah def been tweeting less since moving east. i'm chill. i miss sunshine. nyc is chill i guess.
  thanks bb
  feel like we haven't communicated in a minute whatsup with your life why r you awake
just threw my phone across the room bc   tweets are too good
oh shit still pretty sure it's a vampire bar
new girl won't get off her phone when she hangs out with me and i am in loveeee
rap game iphone battery so hot it's about to explode
this place might not actually be a vampire bar :(
  is that the dude who just crawled through this chicks window
  that 10:20 gym game is real
real talk tho a dude on this show just snuck into some girls room and then told her he loved her?!?! ladies is b&amp;e chill???
my love for television is aggressive
friday night lights is too good
          i can help
   
   
o
v
e
r

i
t
  oh shitttt im into it
 
  bring more attention to the culprits!!
every april 2nd companies should be required by law to publish a list of who had the idea for the april fools jokes so we can judge
  yes :(
wait is tesla motors really software limiting there cars unless you pay or is that april fools
noooooo twitter why did you do an april fools joke
  sometimes i just make up my own stories
  this is why i stopped watching
  oh man
  this tweet is exhausting
getting anxious about if i'm going to be able to eat this burrito and play this video game at the same time
  micheladas are mad good tho
  hahahahahaha
should i move to austin
woah there are a lot of steam punks in austin.
"this is a steam punk bar. hence we have gears and mechanical apparatuses"
  oh ok he looked like 5 i was scared
  how old is this child
  yayyyy
god i just had the worst nightmare
  drugs
    not chill
she heals ppl using sound but isn't down with cats wtf
this chick is crying over her boyfriends cat
so far this cat show has no story line but the host brings a guitar case around with him everywhere for some reason?!?!
spent 3 years living with   and we never watched how high rip
this show tho    
  fuck youuuu
  passed out after too much mountain dew code red
  ian miles
  russ is super chill way chiller than ian
  brad is kind of agro
is ian a chill name
i get low so i can get on my corgs level  
omg  
remember when me and   where djs and   bought us an ice sculpture of tupac
who wants to pay me to go to a skrillex show
  "hint: browse around some of the blogrings i'm subscribed to. "
  this is me and  
i don't want to get out of bed
  the internet is for emotional honesty
  "... but because not a single person there understood my humor, and it depressed me consistentaly. it's hard to explain."
  "not just because i'm 16 and my character is just a collage of hormorne spiked phases,"
  woah this bro is super real "maine was balls. the good days consisted of drinking nyquill and jacking off."
  "im not in an anything mood, again. dammit. not again. not. again." tweet like this
  i'm lying :( ill be home saturday tho!!
    this is my fav thing in the world i am making it my homepage
  what was his email?
  that's awesome!!!! i'm so into this story!!!
i think imma buy some bitcoins
  yes tell me more
lets talk about this
twitter y'all are faving but no one is telling me stories
when i was 12 i met some girl who had a comedy blog or something and i thought she was super funny and we would chat and i was in loveeee
tell me about the first time you told a secret to someone on aim
twitter lets get intimate
tell me about the first time you fell in love on the internet
    more into robeys option
  i will buy
i just lost a follower
#ff      
yo branch's twitter game has been on point lately
where the haters at
  :(((((
  also we don't have any sort of real time contract implied in the product like with twitter or facebook.
  ummmm would probably run into issues at high scale but it's not really a priority rn
  rails. it's what we know and can iterate fastest on. otherwise would consider nodejs
maybe bc ruby is already ooc unless you pay a lot of attention?
i don't mean that in a mean way i mean they are all just real scurred of like needing to worry about anything new (concurrency)
ruby programmers are kind of sissies
date me if u want to be relevant again
  new jersey
is today the day i set up time hop
sea
weed
did native americans eat sea weed
sea weed is gross
pikachuuuuuu  
prototyped inheretence makes her dance
flan makes her dance
      ok julius get some designs
    lets do itttt
a bespoke app that just whispers "sprang brakeeeee" in james franco voice
dude children are dying to get apps in africa and you are making bespoke apps for ur secretary?! cmon
i will take this burden
i will create a bespoke app to communicate with every one of my followers
find me a douchier interview on the internet i dare you  
 
   
current stats (   
  v spring breakers
  meg there was a section about mormonism and then an entire section about broadway!! we failed at that but you would have been so good
  you haven't finished yet
oh man turns out i'm v confident but v bad at bar trivia
bar trivia is my calling
  oh shit if you guys do this i'm down to meet
sprang breakkkkkkkk
just realized i need to update my entire wardrobe
   
 
      we use coffeescript   come work for   !!!!
~hehe~
guys me and   released a new episode of suschat  
if i lose one more follower i am shutting this website down
whats the worst thing i could sayyyyyyyyyyy things are better if i stayyyyy so long andd gooodnight so long and goodnight rip mychemicalroma
guys my chemical romance broke up waht the fuckkkkk  
   
  what is the best egg snadwich in sf
is "so kawaii" sexual harassment
is "bb" sexual harassment
the fact that other people liked spring breakers and i didn't makes me anxious
  i saw it and wasnt down
look at this fbi van that has been outside my house for months   what is this about  
my drafts folder  
brought my apple tv remote to the bar  
twitter i was sick but im back
my new relevant is calling ppl out for being irrelevant
  lolllll 2012
hi   there must be a bug bc im not verified?!
just hallucinated that a corgi was chillin in my couch and now im crying
i just really want this lip tattoo to fade so i can get another one
this girl is on fireeeeeee
shout out to all my followers from indonesia
just trying to get lost in rick ross's fat rolls
sext: i didn't think spring breakers was very good
this place makes egg creams with ice cream
  why?
  why
  :) anwyays i know! i have thought about getting a kitty very seriously lately!
  are you drunk &amp; on twitter whatsup be honest
 
  ?
i wrote some stuff about engineering and put it on medium  
  anfooooo
 
got distracted googling miley cyrus twerk videos and lost my place on tmz :(
  oh i only read headlines
  woah is this true
     
does tea make her dance
should i make tea rn
  miles has the best old man look ever
i'm not sure i have been totally clear with y'all about how much i love mac and cheese and exactly what i'll do for it
cats mad sulky corgs mad cute
2 corgs in my avatar would be considered gods in the roman times
  right
someone tell me  
do bears really live in caves or is that a myth
      he lied!!! i don't have the password!!
  i was sick so we had to skip this week!
  hi hater where's my food
fancy as fuck   outing  
      no he wont give me the pass :(
  always down
they be starin at the fav's like its unfamiliar
  these are subtweets to get me back to sf arent they
can never remember my ssn hoping i get doxx'd maybe they have my health insurance number also?
doxx me bb
*dances to jay z*
just read groupon ceo's resignation letter again and am still cryin
  since they use google login i assume a lot of people are logged in when they go to youtube by default?
  no i wasn't driving at all moms wouldn't let me :(
shoutout to   being 7 years old i couldn't legally drive when ya started love ya mwah
woah just accidentally went into the mean part of twitter and am now literally crying about human existence
  lol the great demise of julius tarngerine rip he died a heros death of lactaid
  "you and your friends walk into the hotboxed room together and then are confused why you cant figure out how to order dominos"
snapchat bout to just be 45 minutes of us crying and discussing "the fog"
god emo   is the worsttttttttttt
  didnt i just snap you
1 follor away from 5.5k holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holler holl
found out the ice cream shop next to me makes egg creams game over
10am just feels so earlyyyy
  bro i have been tweeting about this foreverrrrrrr
i only fav if ur cryin while tweetin
  if u wanna be somebody / if you wanna go somewhere / u better wake up and subtweet ur ex's
is suit &amp; tie one of the first songs to release an official lyric video ???  
im sick what should i get for lunch
do any extreme couponers want to work on my stockpile with me?
extreme couponing is my new fav show
  how addicting is this show
  ya this season is intense
should i eat ice cream it's a blizzard
commas are so emo
  yo they straight pull people off
the block is hot
going to watch star wars for the first time in my life tonight
what the fuck this is sad
woah lil wayne don't die
      i ordered delivery mac and cheese
  no thanks but that's awesome
  does it have spinners do a photoshoot with it lemme see
  wait did you buy a roomba after we went vacuum shopping together
  you modded your roomba
  lookin mad corny tweeting "#hatersclub" lol
shoutout to just leaving the door open so the delivery guy can deliver straight to my couch
shoutout to steam vents
  "reco"
 
this is a real headline  
        :(
  what happens at 2am prob watching alien documentaries
  back at it
  also come hang in new york i see you on 4sq
  lol you posted on tumblr v sus
  why who you trying to mute
imagine if rick ross was pope
  idk my sociological study has not gotten that far yet
white girls love having a picture of space as their twitter banner
  congrats u a comp sci person now
  yayyy &lt;3 &lt;3
    yours should be "i take selfies. work   (profile provided by  
so over everyone tweeting about how much ~fun they're having~ at sxsw
  you have to waittt
  wait till the last episode
google reader pivots to just push everyone an rss feed of my tweets
  right
        oh snap
  hi boi i'm popular #hih8er
  ummm is that  
every time i read the groupon ceo resignation letter i cry
  same
  :(  
   
 
  god it's is so freaky i keep trying to take a pic but i think he is on to me
  ur prob wearing axe body spray
this bro reminds me intensely of   and its freaking me out i can't stop staring
what do i do with my life after   is done? does twitter just shut down?
    no one knows i just chill and look mad satisfied
    yoooo how come you never took me to chuck e cheese
we lost greader but we have pope francis
  band wagon fan
    i don't think parody rules are same as dmca or are they
  ya this breaks the rules cc  
quick disable your g+ accounts to protest shutting down greader
  u just mad i made the best one ever
  woah this kids growth is gonna be mad #stunted
pope is too hot to trot
  don't swear
too hot to trot
if not i'm over it
ok does the new pope leave me chocolate eggs while i sleep or what
  xclusive pic of the new pope  
  &lt;33333333333
imagine still listening to mashups in 2013
  not pop american british and what else is there
  how did you not say "wankers" at the end of this are you even british?!
is this the lorax movie true to the book or what
new york is weird
someone just yelled "i'm gonna steal all your clients tomorrow" outside my window and then everyone laughed
  you got 56 favorites!!!!!
  right
just sitting in a room all alone waiting for  
an entire industry forced to use javascript
damn yall mad
  is one of these suri
      yes def
next time he will not aim so highhhhhhhhhhh ya next time neither will iiiiiiiiiii
    prom tech jew tech nyc tech
  i was going to prom
  oh wait no i just had gotten my license
  ya i was cryin in my freshman dorm
  linger in the past
sixteenth chapel
bright eyes all dayyyy
ok i think the best ice cream flavor that has never been invented yet would be coffee and banana
  lol gonest. oh it only gets weirder it's like svu with demons
  which ep are you on it gets more redic but even better as it goes on
  it's so good
  i deleted that tweet because i wasn't sure if it was roman or romen
  bj
really scared because my iphones gps indicator is always on
i guess we'll never know what harvard gets us
    oh shit my calendar is fucked unlike nicks so i can't make it :(
suschat released a new episode and i lost 3 followers today  
me irl  
  network to get work
  ummmmmm being an ownbey is an honor but no one has to be my wife or even a girl they can just join the fam
  i live across the street from a vampire bar it's super chill tho i just linger with them it's a pretty good bar
ok the vampire bar is extra vampy literally a dude in a hoodie salsaing in the back
  drugs
  tweeting
no one else unfollow me or i'm gonna freak
come back
oh shit 4
idk i think, like, 3 ppl unfollowed me today
podcast of my crying
  ur on my shitlist
a television show of me getting anxious on my couch
all media gives me anxiety
television gives me so much anxiety
  god it pissed me off so much when my roommates grubhubbed without me
pretty depressed because i can't seamless a canoli
pizza my new girl  
is there a furniture or antique district in nyc
ok glass, nobel prize
    subtweet is modern day anonymous love letter
does facebook gifts have blinking pacifiers
"&amp;keywords=blinking+pacifier"
      does the taco bell truck have a baja blast keg?
being a webprogrammer is having your friends trying to get you to program their new porn site ideas
  oh shit you have literally entered weird twitter
      are you surprised?!
  yayyyyy
 
  woah does this still exist?
kool keith knows whatsup  
i love seltzer thats my fuckin problem
i am venmo rich
  did he miss my voice
  i miss you two come visit we can road trip back
  snapchat of you listening to suschat 2 real
are you alive or dead
   
someone photoshop a corgi into my avi
  a corg on every corner to rescue people in this exact situation
  someone should make a distro for new media artists that gives you unfettered access to the glitches
  that makes sense. the thing where you can't even open his programs on a mac sucks, but if upgrading ram is that important to you...
  i don't understand why they don't use linux though?
  turns out new media artists say "new media artist" a lot
just made friends with the dude who is definitely being fed on at the vampire bar
  woah how do you set this up
  woah you get push notifications for every new follower
i only listen to passive aggressive hip hop
should i go to 24 hour walgreens
  how do 24k people follow you
  bushwick cops showin up to investigate those lagging torrents
my internet is too fucked i should call the cops
shoutout to people who used to buy magazines because they had the cds with the linux distros on them
  u are such a top chef
 
tell me
did taylor swift get a tattoo
internet might be down now
  you are v brave for live tweeting the filibuster
  don't we all sister
is twitter down
no one has tweeted in my timeline in 22 minutes
also my eyes are burning fyi for some reason
i want an egg cream
  get off the sonos bro
number one comment from anyone visiting from sf: "woah there are a lot of attractive women here"
guys i released another podcast im a podcaster  
exploring love, lies, and identity in the digital age.
the grid is real
so now when i call them will they know when i moved in or what how does this work. do they follow me?
  6 months!! not bad
power company doesn't understand the term "squatters rights"
who snitched on me
damn the man
power company finally shut off my power fuck this
ok glass, dignity
   
  man you are using vim in the stone ages if you just found this
i think ya sus
   
i would be super into s&amp;m if all doms spoke latin
  yo check it   i just got it &amp; it changed the entire fucking game
  cc/ 
  send this to tmz!!!
  woahhhhhhh
stole a girls phone and went on tinder and everyone was a "match" and i have never gotten a match before so that app is on my shitlist now
gonna write a childrens book called "fuck the moon"
 
love is a battlefield
  brill dot com
egg creams are my new jam
i think we will be happy tmrw that we didn't do mushrooms
realest   ever  
i think i have a cavity
vibe/energy
  i favd
      you wouldn't understand haley
i'm at   w/    
   
erry day is a winding road
  ..  
  oh i thought you were talking about my vine and i was sad :( fuck   tho
  i love it when you use dated terms &lt;3
      chillaxin
  do the woods have cell reception
  lol
when i die bury me how i slept surrounded by apple products
  i was just talking about how this is true of all tech people!!! why is ignorance the norm?
twitter u doing real good 2nite go you
  this is the only good thing nyc has to offer
  subtweet
  welp i dont have boobs so not much to work with
  i dont think the military cares about aaron swartz
ok guys i am going to get some ice cream on the way home ;)
  god i miss u so much
 
 
  tomorrow ill send u pics
  we are getting a frenchie in the office!!!!
   
  i think about this all the time
avril lavigne lookalike taylor swift is my wife
  same
baptize urself in shame
  hug a cat &lt;3
my life  
  u in ny &amp; u don't call?
  what is this about
  how did i miss this first time around
  we could do this
ok so has every drug except crack been claimed?
some old raver bro telling everyone at the rave he invented ecstasy
who invented ecstasy do people usually claim that they invented a drug?
  wait what does that mean nj seems like the obv choice
did the cia invent crack
  how does the free food taste does it taste good
le over it
  i found your emoticon stash ᶘ ᵒᴥᵒᶅ
spent 20 minutes trying to write a blog post and now i'm over it
 
    yesssssss everyone is moving
    !!!!!
  lame
  ~~~~~~~420~~~~~~~
  did anything ever come out of the lawsuit
how much chocolate is too much
  you have 420 followers
  what happened with the case
could i survive in the jungle
  i feel like this is like watching my friend get really into second life or something
    does he call you fat kun
    omg
scared this cat is too fat
  subtweet
is there a section of the army for anarchists
should i join the army
  how i subtweeted your mother
☆彡
4:20
you know how sometimes your eyes start to burn
  thanks mom i know it was a joke godddd
  when do you arrive woah new twitter handle freakin me out
avante gaurd
  happy birthday (almost)  
i think my true calling would have been to think up ways to overthrow castro
o fuck  
god i love this avatar so much i might marry it
  what about advice on how to get behind from people who started ahead
  i decided to leave the house
meh
    he has been!!! i think you have met him! maybe just   and  
 
haters unfollow i am an martian
oh shit shoutout to   for my new new avatar
&lt;3 my new avi
hi twitter im happy
that internet power thirst unquenchable
everyone out here losing verification internet cops mad real
oh nm he's back
who banned   from   wtf
vegan restaurant i'm at has a fish tank with no fish. a little heavy handed
  who said this
hi haley sup grl
its not about how many followers you have its about how you use them (for personal revolution)
me rn  
new avi  (^_-)-☆
had to flip my avi :(
would you guys riot if twitter banned me
lost 2 followers
maximum sleepy
  is this sexual
  woah this is awesome
look at this motherfucker  
i got all this ascii art idk what to do with it
is my brand cross network?
  internet fame
awwww yeah 5 +1's
 
favin my own tweets cause i'm my own biggest fan
  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
  me
  whatsup
how is that not a parody account
maybe rocker bars in 2013 just feel like vampire bars
do you think the oscars smells like old people?
wait i think i lost like 100 followers
  life
literally rotting away
haven't left my house in days except for brunch
  you are one of the lucky ones
    we will do an offsite recording out of  
  your gonna follow up suschat with sports tweet cmonnnn
      yayyyyyyy!!!
  on noooo why would you do that!!!
odeo where are you when i need you the most
i wanna do a podcast in space
guys   and i recorded a podcast and put it on this sketch website put it in ur podcasting devicez  
just recorded a podcast am i back in 2006 yet
  turns out this is a community i have researches extensively
     
    cc   (also false fuck u ver)
mj gone
my strongest feelings are about inanimate objects
  fuck you nike fuel band i bet you have a lot of friends you don't understand
        all my fav people &lt;3333
    sensual
pretty sure i just lost a follower
  lollllllllll yessss this is awesome
i would watch the oakland version of girls which would just be 3 chicks smoking weed and hanging with cats
im worried i cant properly communicate the depth of my soul on this medium
it
over
power company silently sabotaging my shit because i'm off the grid and haven't paid them in 6 months
maybe i feel more connected to like humans as a group yet disconnected from actual individuals? idk   you prob understand
idk that tweet didn't work as well as i intended
since moving to nyc i feel this weird emotion of feeling way more connected yet entirely disconnected
gonna spray siratcha everywhere and call it art
my home is quickly falling into decay
  dat obama pic
bartender re-lighting the candles around me bc he understands
  lollllllllll worst tweet ever
where is  
went to a tech meetup and now i'm in a deep depression
  aw thx bb
 
over all of you once you realize you have a personal brand
im livin in that 21st century
lol
more like google ass
think i just lost a follower not quite sure though
already over google glass
url girl is the new mistress
 
  wow you been working on this joke since 2011 or what
commitment
this movie just flashed the text "skin parts =)"
  you use the horse radish sauce v #lowrent
  did you bring bb to your perf review
"what is this undocumented azn=true param that just prints an ascii chinese flag and then gives you a root console?"
putting backdoors in all my software for the chinese so i stay on their good side
  oh shit this is why i couldn't search my email for them
i have not yet received any w-4s is this living off the grid
jose has a point
  i have google alerts for u
what is sus
  yah bruh
  lookin yolked tho
  sick stash
  oh my goddddd
/blockk *stellar*
dear twitter please block *stellar* thx
    yesss!!!!
  hi bb i miss u
basic
avuncular is my new fav word
twitter is sus
i don't even know who i follow anymore
  all those favs on that basic tweet are mad sus
  woah
  wowww nm you still got it a+ tweet
  fine but then you should start a weird twitter side account
i think i would have been more celebrated in the 80s
  this twitter account has gone downhill
  according to my followers the answer is yes you can!
  oh my god you are the best yayyyy &lt;33
  but can i do it from the hbo go app?
  “  kinect shit  
tryin to watch this beyonce doc
can i airplay hbo go to my apple tv?
  and lana del ray
  other than borderlands
imagine caring about anything
  only me
  holy shit holy shit holy shit
  what is this where did you get it i think i know this guy
  is that him
  wait  
  woah those look exactly like my corgs here!!!  hold on ill snap a pic
  why don't they treat everything with this wtf are they doing
  more pls
an entire relationship made up of scheduling conflicts
  yayyy
  wait i put this line in scrooges generated code and i thought someone removed it?
remember when people got mad at me because my avi was too ~colorful~
  literally one of the "editors choice" was of a plastic bag
  god ny twitter doesn't even know how the product works smh
  twitter will collapse for you don't you know i live for rts
  still rt
  what
  me too!
everyone on vine is basically a less emo version of that kid from american beauty
  no you should just drink a shit ton of water and you will be awake
  god this just really bummed me out why would you show me this :(
  yo real talk this means you're dehydrated and the coffee just dehydrated you more making you more tired.
  wait do you know prime???
ttyl
respect in every aspect
  i heard a stop light party advertised on the radio tonight and i said out loud "hotdog warned me about this!!!"
  meet   &lt;3  
  they had to change this entire song!!!!
  right this is the worst line!! why did he even bother rewriting only that line?!??!
  oh liz
  tell them to go on catfish!!!!
an entire generation of swingers
a relationship made up entirely of sexts
ew i hate it when people have gross dogs
also i actually heard this on the radio it's not like they just did it for kicks  
    !!!
radio edit of a$ap verse is some sort of modern reinvention of rap
radio edits of rap songs my new hobby cc    
  yah!! i just saw a commercial only. super down for all gypsies
in my coffin play reality shows about gypsies looped forever
"dad stop taking vines your embarrassing me"
  i deleted them okay
  mad popular
  fixed
  hahah i noticed how i misspelled it earlier!!!!!
 
  speak truth to power
this corgi is freakin me out
  birthday soon oh shittttt
dat hometown anxiety (hi hamden)
shout out to the highschool kid at the anti bully rally wearing the free weezy tshirt
for real this fucking bully documentary is heartbreaking
guys fuck bullies
  photo of ikea monkey with jizz on it
   
    what is this   support group
      i already know your life is sick sad world
   
  ;)
i get super defensive about lip tattoos
imagine a life where you spend time and energy taking a photoshoot with your roommates so you can post it on the internet
    $$$$$$ellouttttttt
  new twitter background!!!!
  is this just selfies
  holy shit
  no stallman freaks me out
   
a website of only before and after surgery pics/xrays
  lollllllllll are you still in england have you just given up at this point?
  demon cat is also my favorite product
  no i don't think so. this was like 8 months ago. i think about it at least twice a day tho
guys am i a misanthrope
guys you know those 4 panel cutesy comics that say shit about the oposite sex usually the 2nd panel is "did you know" what are those called?
  god damnnnnnn :( :( :( im so sry
yo one time i told   what advice jay z would give him and he totally didn't care at all and i'm still pissed
      love sick cause i'm not there
  what is this in reply to it is freaking me out
  do u have some like microsoft word doc of these year old tweets you keep resurfacing?
  you had people mailing you poems tho!!!
shoutout to all the kids who got bullied then went home and made some sick gifs to put on tumblr for the internet to enjoy
shoutout to the girls underwear in my elevator happy valentines day y'all
  loool basically bought a bagel shop at this point
  better keep up!!!
army generals come back cryin asking there mom to make them a pb&amp;j
just put some interogatees on a school bus around the block full of 14 year olds game over
man middle school and highschool are such dark places they should just turn them into cia blacksites
do any of my highschool teachers follow me on twitter?! mr vici are u reading this??
maybe catfishing highschool bullies isn't the solution but i would put there pics on "rate me" threads on /b/ and then show them the replies
if kids were getting bullied i would catfish the bullies and tell the bullied kids about the internet
i am so down though i could prob teach math or history
can you become a teacher if you dropped out of college? do i need to wake up before 11?
guys what if i become a teacher
  i did a report on him in 5th grade we have always been psychicly connected!!!!!
  yoo he is my fav pres now i know why
  sure!
   
  got a ruler tattooed to my thigh for constant assessment
 
so i am in a facebook relationship with a cat anddddd    
ritual valentines day suicide
  elect me president of the internet and i will ban harlem shake
who wants to pair program on whopi3 with me for valentines day
hi twitter
  elitist
  0 dollars in patient conveniences 
???? live a little hit the mini bar next time.
an entire generation of metaphors
  it's called tumblr now
i have been snapchatting for like 3 months and have not received a single nude wtf
  me
  don't hijack my emo tweets to namedrop
  whatever
  wait is it monday
imagine being too cool to dm someone back
  ok it was "i made this mistake before"
literally when i moved to nyc   said "i hate new york but you need to find that hate" and that is my only goal in life now
listening to castiatone for the painfully alone &amp; cryin
    creepin his codes rn  
oh no he stopped after i tweeted that u reading this bro that wasnt sarcastic i'm sorry snack in peace
  if you look like ur avi i'm lurking you to your left
  yessir
shout out to the dude behind me who is just snackin real loud spillin shit everywhere crinkeling everything loving those doritos
sittin here looking disinterested at this meetup
will i ever be reunited with  
  me it's not mine tho
cept whopi.js ur still chill obv
    like how ur mom keeps cryin because i won't call back
god i am so over javascript fuck ur client side
i am an text stylist
death by ramen lord take me i am rdy
  wooooo
swear to god asian danny brown just gave me a haircut
gg  
i blacked out the other night and now i follow all these fucking journalists twitter reset my following pls this is fucked
  ya
  wait is this real
i will make a great parent prob better then the ones you got. dm for apps
who wants to volunteer to be my adopted child
an warning
  i would like to burn this bridge immediately pls
  :((
  god i would have cried so intensely if i was there
  oh wait this is new!
  this isnt new though? this is by far my favorite album of his.
  sup billy gates
wobbly parker
haven't tweeted in 16 hours over it
  lollll
  which one is the real tweet why did you hide one
   
   
  why do you keep censoring me
  what that's it
so should i eat this raw cookie dough or what
    imagine if us three started a social media expert company 💲💲💲💲
 
tv shows made for the internet in 2013 look exactly like tv shows made for the internet in 1999
  how do you make siri do all caps
idk just watched some fucked up shit
  what can i use it for though
i bought a lot of sherry vinegar by accident what should i do with it
  this makes so much more sense!!
wait did the weird twitter kids come from tumblr
really i just want to stay home and play borderlands all day
if i ever run anything i am hiring all my friends
hello drake
    also put   and   on the payroll and bring them to new york. i promise they will help the brand
      consider this a favor because you promised jay z but never delivered :(
    hi    help him out pls &lt;3333 best in the scene &lt;3
  oh you deleted your original tweet :(
or both + all of san francisco
i think all would be cured if   or   moved to new york
let me sing frank ocean to you neighbors
taxi driver / you must drink for the hour / leave the meter running
baby jesus forgive me because it fits
hi i stole this whole outfit on accident
  hello!!!
  williamsburg is already diluted bb come play with me in bushwick
  a present 4 u bb!
smiley face on the delivery bag will you b my valentine
twitter i am with child please have some courtesy
  lolllll what a sheep
my mother  
trying to remember how much i freaked out when i first heard doa
hova
     
god sometimes i just become so over the internet
had a nightmare i woke up and everyone unfollowed me &amp; only thing on my twitter was a vine   dmed me of him cackling
tell me about when you went to prom
mulan  
    damnnnn called out
if this netflix series doesn't turn into an s&amp;m relationship with kevin spacey i'm heated
maybe no one says that anymore since1930
housewife is kind of a fucked up term now that i see it spelled out
i think i would make a good housewife
  fav me more
  already four episodes in
autocorrect is ruining my brand
  lookin dreamy in your new avi
  did this happen to you
  they are all movie or show references so i bet everyone thinks i do them
trying to start chillin in graveyards
wait are there any graveyards in new york
yes netflix i want you to continue playing what the fuck do you think im doing
where my pasta at
  so angsty
  gross
  do it
does food still deliver in a blizzard
    yes
  i know me too!! sucks.
  maybe i will hang out with your ghost tv
  come home bb
if you dont declare that "tweets are my own" in your bio then they could be anyones ppls tweets will just appear in ur timeline v scary
  rack in my mouffff teeth made of golddddd
tweetpsych what is "sex"
oh shit tweetpsych givin y'all trojans protect ya neck kiddies
"in most social media, doing this too much is regarded as a faux pas."
    lolllllllll
 
     
shoutout to "-27% positive, -46% future and -58% learning" though
i dont even think i talk about sex that much i dont understand
  avg twitter is a bunch of prudes
  my sex is like 935% i dont understand
o shit  
a world where humans don't exist except on the internet
  sucks last dude is so much worse than his friends -______-
  &lt;3333
become resentful of everyone
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~'`depression`'~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"haha"
  "what are you wearing?"
   
    glasses julius #rare
only following emo accounts from now on i'm over party kid accounts
shout out to  
i have a rihanna song stuck in my head :(
depression
    wasn't this startup in a reality show like 3 years back?
   
might just eat straight cheese
thought this show was only 1 hour but it is 2 hours i am so stoked
do you think   has to personally approve every one of my tweets and sometimes he's just like "nah"
twitter why
  oh i thought you were asking about the show :(
  a bunch of hydrolics basically they just used steal and hydrolics not giving any fucks
wait twitter just censored me again
  imagine having to make jokes for oreo as your job
what if i could go back in time and tell them about whhopi
just using a bunch of sonar no gps no iphones wtf
without computers
i'm watching some shit about the us snagging a soviet nuclear sub from the ocean floor
this pbs show is blowing my fucking mind rn
someone send me some links comparing us science and soviet science why were they so different or is that just biased history
  yayyyy
  are u tryin to fav my fav
  are you flying to me
  woah what is this about
  a+ twet
           
this one isnt iphone compatable you gotta use your desktop uhoh  
oh fuck fuck fuck next whopi gettin dropped u rdy?!!?
    if you said "tiny tacos" this would have been an a+ tweet
  cc    
not too early to start getting anxious about valentines day
  &lt;333333
new chrome theme  
   
guys should i go to a rave in a forest with  
new fav app  
   
  there is a nyc corgi meetup wtf why didn't you tell me?!
  reddit :)
   
  yayyyy see you soon
  new york
what about insecurity on drugs
is insecurity sexy
  oh i am i have a scar to prove it!!!  
    &lt;33
the british announcers in fifa make me miss   :(
an account of me that just posts selfies of me while i read twitter
  nvr forget  
  so good
football is so savage
  what the fuck how have we never played this
lets go ;)
this is fucking sus football is sus
yo i don't have time for this
  ur not even american rn tweeting about rap music during the super bowl c'mon
  snap chat nudes
 
b def wants the d
  everyone on the team starts making out
girl if you like cheeseburgers come into my bedroom  
jk fuck baltimore
totally gonna bandwagon fan this super bowl
guys i am watching football
don't. unfollow. me.
  you've finally made it!
 
  also i'm in atlantic city don't know what i'm going to do when i don't have you and andy to come home and cry to about losing $$$
  the voice of a generation
  u tell em
  just facetime me along bb
i only feel comfortable around light pollution
haven't seen stars in at least 4 yrs
  wait like discussing an intervention
omg rt      
 
  cc/river
fuck you and your stellar bot
    ~~~~whatever~~~~~
  god i am so into this look
    she's scurred because she knows we run this shit
i wish i could hire all of the terrible obsessive developers in the world i love them all so much
  or perhaps we are really good at it and you are an #undesirable
also i'm going to atlantic city today 🐸
i wish all my coworkers didn't follow me so i could play hookey and play video games all day
listening to destinys child till i puke
  you are still london?!
i spend a lot of time trying to not follow too many members of #yungkloutgang basically   is my #1
  tell them i say hay
the internet is fucking real and it is in ur living room rn
punctuation free since 2007
  it did a bunch of words do now i decided to stop correcting it
took a selfie in the shower in celebration of   birthday
look at us. all growing into awesome young adults (on drugs)
okcupid except for weird twitter
  just saw someone rockin bodega look hard on the corner i'm assuming it was you
i am too engaged with the internet to leave right now moooommmmmmmm
  hahahahhaha imagining you lounging infront of this right now and lovingggg it
 
  this is awesome i love this
   
  what is that sounds like some noob shit
dont worry tho there will be an entirely new whhopi installation next week
guys i improved whhopi  
your twitter account is sus and so are you ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~sus~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  people who schedule "breakfast meetings" deserve it
  idk the bar across the street
    yes
and that / added a v important dramatic pause
swear to god my aim away message was "i don't believe anybody feels the way i do / about you now" at least 4 times
just remembered there are 24 hour diners in this city
  can you tell me the first tweet that started with "sext:" please?
do you think my ipad and iphone hang out when i leave
  this isn't a saying
  we have discussed this!! you don't remember our conversations. this is why i work   in hope you will remember our convo once
  wait when did i fav this i don't remember this. also visit nyc
  sry 2 boring i liked the dragon girl though. i watched the first season but then i'm supposed to learn a whole new cast?! lolll
i am an artist this is my art
an emotional masterpiece
ps   is even better on the ipad
  welcome to my internet :(
vine me his tears
next follower who sees   kick him in the balls
  yes even oakland :(
what if   was right about everything
i miss san francisco fuck you i said it
    is so elegant he lunches at american grilled cheese
guys i was a victim of censorship tonight and i feel like no one cares
  should i get ice cream
  ~~~~~~~~blayblay~~~~~~~~~
  yesssssss
  are you talking about me
  screenshot the jira you file from these tweets pls
  first tweet not in my timeline where'd it go?!?!! the government?!?!
   
  look at this censorship explain pls  
twitter ipad app just censored me after speaking out against it #illuminati
the twitter ipad app should be illegal
  put the fucking compose form closer to the keyboard  
  "blay blay"
  ~~~~~~~this is the most emo tweet ever~~~~~~~~~ :,(
   
  oh i watched all of it and freed myself from its shackles
idk american horror story is prob the best show ever
i put a spell on youuuuu
if when i was 15 i knew in the future i could get 1000 people to visit some stupid website in an afternoon i would have been so stoked
  blocked :(  
  yesss &lt;333333
the internet is awesome get this shit on hackernews asap  
also i put a webcounter on there so sorry about the spyware
guys i love js now and i made this  
 
  wowwwww you fucked up
i wanna become a real suit wearing hair slicked back always on the phone type asshole
  u crazy
took a tylenol pm and now im ~wavy~
i liked twitter a lot better before all the cool kids started using it
does anyone know lana del rays snapchat dm me pls thx
twitter stresses me out
    i am taking comms consultancy gigs dm me
me and   irl  
  i am pretty sure this is based on a news article from 2008??
    yeah seriously
  how is this possible o_o  
twerk in the name of love
all i want is a girl who will k hole with me and listen to "step in the name of love" on repeat for 72 hours true love 2013
thumbs too fat for this ipad
imagine how sick bushwick would be if ratatouille was real
   
i sent ur computer a virus via kazaa good luck sucker
  i am so down
sext: it's late and my neighbors are stomping
    though you just replied "god isn't genealogy" and was super confused
  thx
  noooo i was so stoked when you favd that
  miss u bb when will you visit
  me yelling "these are ur followers now" realest vine ever recorded service shuts down next day 11am pacific time
  vine of spiders crawling out of ur follower count cake
  ya that's right i see you jelly of my gossip blogger status $$$ can't buy you that 🌟✨🌟✨🌟✨🌟✨
  congrats bb you broke the number of followers required to have a "k" in your following count i bought u a cake
  i am a gossip blogger now yessssssss
an art exhibit of just me browsing 4chan while yoko ono reads my  
i don't actually have a cleaning lady sometimes i just blackout and clean
what if my cleaning lady dosed me
  we can collab. a single 56k connection in the corner to read twitter from.
an art exhibit where everyone's phone is jammed electronically and the doors are locked and the anxiety is palpable
  woah i just blacked out
  feel the internets warm embrace. only ephemeral pictures and 6 second montages can ease your angst
  start growling when ppl approach
  so out of touch v sad :(
  all urs bb
  capitalism and status are my only children
 
    fine if you require am escort
guys   used vine you guys made it!!!!
  goddddd how come we still haven't met irl wtfffff
anxiety body spray
    norton now is ur time to shineeeeeee
 
2013 yr of the  
  been like 4 months it has definitely faded but not as much as i had expected. i bet i could nibble  on my lip  
  zombies dont have brains and they need to eat brains
  snapchat me bb so i kno its real
      yeah ofcourse
  nope its true
  i am coming to ur party
   
“this game is sick” –   
   
  what about tattoo deductions
just out here trying to watch heathers
  truthhhhhhhhh
sext: i just bought mad tuna fish
  crazzzzzz world welcome to the realm bb's first block
  the world is full of haters. or they just become annoying. they don't even need to have been following me or talking to me.
  i block people all the time
build me a tomb for my brand
build me a website that can contain my internet persona
shoutout to people who tell cabbies "we are going to williamsburg!" like it is a magic school bus ride everyone is stoked for
  the constitution tree is real!!!
listen if there is kfc on the way i'm getting something
at no point did he ever report directly to me, and i have seen his work product less than a handful of times.
  shout out for taking a pic of your desktop
  you can have it
~~~if you wanna come and take a ride with me~~~
until people start twerkin on vine i'm not interested
#rare photo of   hacking  
  come hang out in new york!!!!
not over puppy bowl tho
one day your twitter account will be a hasbeen also
if only you guys could see the fury i typed that tweet with
over everything
ok im over vine
 
wait how do i download vine? searching "vine" in the app store doesn't work
y'all i made it
 
  let the curbs weep for   rip
  once i was friends with the dj too but then i left   :(
  we get it you are friends with the dj
  me except ice cream
shoutout to   for spending 20 min trying to make   resolve
  photoshopppeddddddddd
just imagined all the tweets in my timeline were for me
donate to shelters this weather is nutz
  the worlds most interesting douchebag
  2292 take my old room squatters rights
  come meet me now what are you even doing there is west wing to watch
  move from the california sun then
  yupppppppppp
  right
snapchat anxiety
  i have met a lot of ppl from jers i ask them all if they know you
    just do itttttt
    yes
  yo you and   move to new york pls
#rare   production  
  yo what's his name from heathers is in west wing
  yayyyy
  nooooooooo
i smell like ramen
  how is the   stock doing
literally cutting off my leg to prevent the frostbite from spreading
  definitely open to internships but probably not until march/april
    "alternate" aka always one iphone game away from that reality
  we are happy to have either. we are rails based so being able to play in rails but emphasis on frontend would be ideal
  &lt;3333333
if you are/know of any good frontend people who are looking for a job and want to or do live in nyc email me jobs 
bundle up kiddies
  watching your slow unraveling: a++++ would follow again
here are some statz on that charity  
send money or bitcoins  
yo donate some money to a homeless shelter or something its cold out there
            oh man this is awesome  
   
   
  oh wait maybe the get thing was fixed
  can't hash tag numbers bb try to start a tweet with "get"
  i am not gonna let you send me a virus
maybe not   since he was deported for drug trafficking or something
shoutout to         new embeds look awesome   just tweeted about it u made it
i am an internet child star
i honestly thought aol was something that alerted you when the mail man came and thought it was nbd
trying to send an email to   in 1998
trying to send an email to my mom in 1998
trying to go back in time and tell her how much email is gonna fuck her life up solve all those problems
one time my mom got pissed at me for being on the internet all day "we couldn't get any calls what if someone important called"
couldn't use the phone and the internet.  out here watching the west wing on my tv and using the internet on my phone shit fucks my life up
this internet shit blows my mind like 5 times a day fuck
   
  quizzing me after he shows me lil b videos 2 real rn
  thx bb
  send me the youtube this happened in
yo   tell ur recruiting people to stop cold emailing me with these fucking emails at the next recruiter meetup
did anyone else notice how this a$ap album gets super emo towards the end?
  yes i will be the emoji spirit guide
i am so obsessed with this random person i found on youtube
an twitter except everyone's   is some combination of emoji
  that's real as fuck
  are you on the level where you just cc   and they respond?
in a world where chambawamba and bare naked ladies are pop sensations
what the fuck do i need to tweet all this shit again tmrw
  wait what does "run platform services" mean
yo   you are fucking up rn i can tell by the favs
imagine if schrodinger opened his box and there was a catfish
facebook owns everything about me
lighting my scented candle trying to send good vibes next door don't fight
dude just slammed the door then like stomped back and went back in leave bro ur cut
  every time i am sarcastic towards you i feel bad
damn neighbors in a crazy fight living in new york is like living on a maury set this shit is crazy
yo   basically has to be nice to people on the internet all day and that shit is hard
wait what are the oscars about i can never keep these straight
i would like to thank the academy
molten steak and cheese: a movie about a place that delivers steak &amp; cheese 2 hot half the movie is ppl in agony trying to eat it
  but you don't stop narrating in second person
i think i would make a good president
  this movie is too intense
how to repair your personal brand for dummies
  fuckkkkkkk
  you were the most right!
my brand got fucked up
shoutout to cuddle parties
lately i been thinkin bout / all the zeros in my inbox count
lurkin all over the world
  me!
  shoutout to her being angsty about google sites in the very first paragraph
imagine having this much time on your hands  
  april 22nd!!!
  buy me this
  played for 8 hours today got up to level 16
  dude do you taste everything differently or what
assuming anyone who uses "graph search" is creepy as fuqq
  how did you find out
  what the fuck really?!?!
  ewwww how was this that pick looked gross
do you think my drug dealer notices i lit a scented candle for him
  sorry to blow up your spot i snapchatted you to make up for it!
  bad. influence. get a job
  yo i woke up drank a bit and napped till 5 today!!!
tired of watching   flirt with this girl url via retweets
i just touch this fucking metal box enough times and food shows up at my door this future is nutz
why hasn't   moved here yet what am i doing wrong
maybe play some borderlands cc/  
trying to drink bk lager and watch extreme cougars all day
sext: blow up the sunnnn
  it is the best
  oh shit this is a good idea!!
still have more twitter followers than  
  oh shit ok you just saved me a trip
  oh man this movie looks crazy! i am down with this or seeing the 24 hour movie at moma
how many egg sandwiches have i eaten since moving to new york
what am i doing with my life today how cold is it outside
  i just stand there and mumble. how do you know he did this unpurpose i would be pissed
respect in every aspect
  what is he talking about then
is he talking about drugs
    u dont call anymore?!
  404'd :(
you already know i'm creepin the background of all ur selfies
   
not only telling me about the downfall but also how i won't be ~~~relevant~~~ in said downfall
  what does "bronze it" mean
taking 2 welbutrin today because i was woken up by   texting me about the downfall of my generation
  yes
spam singularity  
 
  u up on   ?
i am worried   might be a bad influence
when a boys 2 men song gets stuck in my head and i'm like awwwww yeahhhhhh
   
and that night, for the briefest of moments, people were funny on the internet
  favd this before the picture even loaded
   
esp at night
the world wide web overwhelms me
generally same
  i miss u 2
god i said realm last night like 50 times in irl convo and hated myself
is "romance" sending the right emoji
what does "romance" mean
wish i could sext the whole world
so emotional about being rich  
we in that gramercy park u haters can not visit
yesssss got him to tweet my name welcome followers
literally watched   google that street artists name for 30 minutes
we on that email list that haters can not visit
bb's first tech startup  
i'm at branch hq w/    
dat new a$ap albummmmmmmmm            
those banana slicers are mad cheap tho...
amazon just sent me an email of suggestions full of fruit slicers????  
  awwww &lt;3333
  get them on snapchat tell them to add me
  man talk to your parents more
man   is my spirit animal
  nho class on "criticizing dana's steez"
sometimes i look at celebs instagrams and cry
  wow making me delete my tweet sus
  "lets pretend i asked you to discuss so you feel enabled and you don't think i'm selfish"
  what does this meannnnn
    yo i heard him order this and mumbled "amateur" but forgot to clown on him for it!!!
mango lassi my only friend
maybe it's because ppl tryin to follow me to be ~~~~~~~friends~~~~~~~
after leaving   i feel less able to have an emotional breakdown on twitter what is that about
  i am of my game :( a stranger in a strange land :(
"do you consider yourself an emotional person" literally being my first question on a first date
a moral safehouse where everyone is to blame but no ones guilty
  you are!!!! omg omggomg
  i know!!!!!!! goddd i was thinking about this just the other day :( come work from nyc bb
i get pissed off when i have seen the same shit on the internet twice
  we are all sad and lonely
wireless drone charging technology too real
  the drone could also land on the power supply if that helps
  wait so could it keep a drone charged in a room? here is the drone specs  
  could i use you to charge my drone while it is flying
  sus
  wowwwww unretweeting me
this might just be some japanese cartoon about a rat overdubbed with the ratatouille sound?
literally a dude coughing in the background
you already know i have the most bootleg version of ratatouille downloaded ever
military training going on upstairs pretty sure i can hear some sort of national anthem
haven't been able to figure out the right key combo to force quit on mac since 2004
in other news my netflix has been frozen for 30 minutes and i didn't notice because i'm trying to figure out why my neighbors march so much
cats are my idol
cats are super smart they just dgaf
  did you notice her wink before the second one
out here wildin and compilin
   
  paper trail
i just want people to use this website
“i'm late to this branch but i have watched 4+ seasons in the last 10 days and i am now having troubl…” –   
oh shit   out of beta go get ur accounts kiddies
gonna have a party and only invite spam bots &amp; drake
twitter dom com
twitter dot dom
twitter dot com
"i wish we could talk with words" "just use emojis"
  you check out the background on that site
  look at the tweet immediately before that one
  whats with you saying charming all the time now
dogs have been bred over literally thousands of years specifically to be cute how fucked is that
  it was me :(
  why did you change back your twitter avi
  u have a problem
  wait this isn't even right is it?
tingly chapstick a++++++
  happy you noticed this
i love jamba juice   you are the coolest
  sorry about whatever got you mad at the internet :(
aohell
 
a/s/l
  watch west wing this show is my drugggg
  non breaking flip flop technology has not been invented yet
  i literally just told you the flip flop that never breaks
  dude buy rainbows they replace that shit if it breaks!!!
  i just invented the coolest thing oh mannnn
gonna put an @ as the first character of my baby's name
  got really scared you didn't follow me anymore
joshaym
sf is the chillest i miss that
  bass coast
  bast coast
  totally stole my first name last initial twitter name style
   
  west coast more like lamest coast
  hi hater
seamless me my dignity
let them have scented candles
auto play for me netflix you always got my backkkkkk
dryer sheet maybe idk
pretty sure this candle just smells like air freaking me out
seeing my bb in cat on a hot tin roof (@ richard rodgers theatre w/ 2 others)  
  sooooooooo
  is this an azn thing
bought a scented candle and now my apartment is poppinnnnn
shoutout to home appliance stores
    :(
hacker news comment threads roughhhhhhhhhhhh
oh man :(
snap chat got weird tonight
  do they follow me?
lana del ray has basically fucked up all hope of finding love in my 20s
  i know! it was leaked! and it's aight
  cc/  
    do twitter cards exist in any form or did y'all gut them completely?
first drone project will be to have it take off and fly around in circles whenever it hears the song "around the world" by daft punk
  u come to ny and you don't say hi?!
lets all just be thankful we survived new years
    what
  woah you have jeapordy on xbox can we play over the internet
new york tech scene mad real  
twitter is poppin tonight
    this is great
enhance
shoutout to   for being a core commiter to rails who the fuck knew
    oh i was laughing at   not you!
too emo to listen to this a$ap rocky album
  how come you dont skype me nemore bb
sayrawr
  loooooooooooooolllllllll
hahahhahahaha the internet is mad funny appreciate yall lost 3 followers tonight whatever
oh fuck   spells his name super fucked up my bad sry  
literally dying at the idea of   sitting in a chair depressed while me and   dance around him while playing this new rocky album
  dj set where we jsut play this new a$ap album for   in a private show
  if you started djing with someone else i would listen to bright eyes and cut
ᶦᵃᶰᵒ
  this is amazinggggg kemp is killin it tho
the thing i miss the most from sf other than   and   is djing with  
  i won't tell anyone!!!!
yo   hackweek project is to get a pedicure with me &lt;3333
  *use
  us your pm persuasion and make it real!!!
  no hablo
  took a selfie and i got more   tonight roughhhh
  you are #1 fan
  leak me some secrets i am ready
  i retweeted it so now the internet knows!!
  what is pedi conference if this means we get pedicures i am down
  this is #1 reason i work for you
  it just got on netflix!!! miss you also congrats on the move!!!
never working for anyone who hasn't watched the west wing cc   cc   cc   cc  
  you are 100% a cocain dealer out urself
what is this for  
like i'm just dipping bread in sauce rn being like "this is nice" but maybe i was supposed to mix it with the other sauce?!
everytime i order indian food i get all these sauces idk what to do with them???  
to the t
my life is exactly like working in the west wing
damnnnn west wing getting reallll
  no i am just naturally creative
  me!
  boooooooo
ᴬᴼᴴᵉᶫᶫ
ʷʰᵃᵗˢᵘᵖ ᶦᵐ ᵃ ʰᵃˣᵒʳ
i went through a pretty real paramore phase
  it was a good joke!!!!
me  
   
  look at us friends again. a role model for partisan politics
  you just described the best snapchat bud ever
  been a year plus since i unfollowed water under the bridge pretty sure it was when you kept tweeting ur ring
tonight was the night i refollowed  
get on my levelllll  
i will verify you on   if you verify me on twitter
first step  
i will hook any   employee up with a   account if they verify me
  i know you have db access it is so easy i did it like a thousand times just to fuck with ppl
  verify meeeeeeee
not mad about hearing the pitter patter of my neighbors dogs feet when it walks around tho
stomp it out neighbor for this is your hour to shine
  hahahahahha do you follow   ?!?
  who do you call even if there math is wrong?! the police?!
ate to many wasabi peas can't stop won't stop
  wait no you only got it once a month but had to calculate your balance? an check the banks math? idk sounds sus
  ok i have answers i guess there was a time before you could get your statement every month.
  but like seriously??? what do you need to balance i dont understand!!
is twitter my muse
what is the purpose of "balancing a checkbook"
  one time i got chemical burns from a pack of cinnamon gum
  the one that wont go on def was what caused the other one to break all the time though.
  no :( need to call someone.
don't even have time to google it just assume you guys will use context clues when i talk to you
that means "no big deal" like i don't even give a shit that i am saying things that prob make no sense to you
nbd
real talk i have no idea what "muse" or however you spell it means but i say that shit like 5 times a day nbd
    np i am her muse
also going to eat wasabi peas
going to watch west wing until i become one with this couch
yayyyyyy   is back!
    real life hair flip right there
  oh no you have exposed my vanity :(
  yayyy
  still got it bb
      lawyers keep coming to me from a company called "mozilla" trying to get control of something called "eggdrop"
2012: a year in php *scratches nails across the chalkboard and slowly winks*
yo   hitting "f" on a tweet fav's it but shows an error overlay get ur shit 2gether godddddddddd
  i lost 2 followers because of those retweets
  cc/ 
    what is this about? what happened?
postmates is fearless with the spam
  it was me
  dat avatar
tmz is my new fav website on the world wide web
    ill do this for you for 10$/day
2013: yr of the emotions
if i got a cat i would name it justin beiber and get pissed off at it for smoking weed all the time
that shit would stress me out
hitting a blunt and being like "parents across america are going to be so pissed off about this"
o_o imagine smoking some weed and then a bunch of people start cutting themselves how fucked up would that be
maybe i should get a cat
  ok i'll do that first
  yeah. idk i guess i'll pay my power bill and get them out here
  no that one is fine. the main one at the right for half my shit. separate from the tiny one that won't go back on
  ok but this is likely why the main breaker keeps tripping? i am leaving it off and can't figure out what it goes to?
one of the switches on my power switch thing won't go back to "on" after i switched it "off" what does that mean
  i would be so stoked if he made a crew out of the people who ft on 1train
  in general move every 6 months have no lingering connections irl
  smh if you dont move every 6 months to avoid these types of situations
  new asap album not bad.jpg
  do ittttttt
  start one
  first week in feb? crash on my couch and work out of our new office
  !!!
  this site is crazyyyyy
  this would tuck my life up
    whattttttttt
 
  whattttt
  my biggest fear
  didn't this dude die
 
  wait i thought it happened
stoked for puerto rico for becoming a state you go
  get a drone to just hover over you and watch out for lurkers
  how did you get this pic
   
 
    idk how this happened
  ohshittttt email me imownbey 
wait did i have a dream a$ap dropped a new song or
this dude tho  
true life: i watched 6 episodes of west wing tonight
how do you spell ganja does it have a g or j
  ganja
st marks has the closest vibes to vietnam i have found yet
you guys ever into the clothes you are wearing but not trying to go out so you just change into pjs and are like fuck it ill save this
i bought the wrong kind of band-aid :(
rt if she only hangs with you for the favs
guys i hacked   email. it was me.
 
  i saw a ove glove thing that you put on like you oven rack permanantly
      cc/   :)
this american life owns everything around me
    oh my goddd &lt;333333
  you did this last year you were out in like 4 days stop lying and embrace yourself
  i took them. it was me.
  smh
  dat font
  i am wearing them
  oh wait i thought you were talking about the chandelier tweet
  embrace capitalism and decadence
  whyyyyyy
  java def makes you pause the movie when it goes to the bathroom yakya k̼̙̞͓̤͛ͭi̶̮̖̭̜̤͆̄͌ͧ̚l̥̼͈̜̏l̛ͯ̌͋ͨ̾̍ ̬͔̜̣̾m̛͈̣͎e̡̺͎͔̥͚͙̜̓͆̀̚
literally have not entered nature in 4 years
#rare photo of   programming javascript  
    so wavvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvy
    are you a human or what
corgis mad fierce
   
   
  😓 &lt;------- that one is my fav
  i wish that cheese shop delivered tho
  oh my god i am on 18   thought i was weird for watching so many in like 4 days!!!
  oh nooooooo :''''''( if android had emoji i would have put an emoji there
  yes!!! what episode are you on?!
  you don't even pity fav me anymore :(
my refrigerator doesn't have a vegetable drawer wtf is that
  hahaha i don't even know
true life: my dad was a cyber bully
imagine if your dad invented the internet
i would be so angsty if my dad was president
  don't settle bb
    oh man you didn't hear nyc is the new sf
  stockholm syndrome is real
  yesss come visit nyc and chill
  oh fuck we use coffee script shit is dope i'm better at js than   boxin him out
      i don't know anything about that designy shit  
      yeah! i keep telling them i have commits in it but they don't believe me.   do you rememberrrrrrrrrr
  yo we use haml at   deep in ur shit
out of haters
i am going to have to build my own corner office
i can tell twitter fanout has gotten slower by how long it takes people to fav me recently
i knew her b4 she was a slave 2 the favs
  dd ur way to ny
  maybe this will be linux's year!!!
    i'm alright with this
dont worry guys i left my keys at the bar
2013 go fuck yourself
did you know locksmiths don't actually pick locks?! what the fuck is that about
but i did actually leave my keys at the office    
jk mom
locked out of my apartment sleeping on the streets
  just say fuckit that's what javascript did
  are you in japan?
  oh noooo   whyyyyy
how do i get a corner office? move to finance? cc/  
  what shows in nyc?
  i used to use this but feel like it is for old ladies now
do you guys understand how many options you have when you start entering the chapstick world?
chapstick is so necessary on the east coast and i am so down i am now a chapstick connoisseur
  juice cleanse rules everything around me
startups should require people say "ma'am" and "sir" more often
 
  yeah
whatever i am over it
  fernet?
i mean there must be a point when people started looking for conclusions and making hypothesis. like 100 years ago?
ok ready? when did the scientific method start defining the way people think about everything?
    if they didn't care about sharing they would be using hipstamatic. that is the easy part
did the pilgrims bake potatoes
  my next tattoo
i don't think i did
i can't remember if i ordered food or not
it took me and   like 3 months to do this in our last place and it basically went fine
i have not yet transferred the electric bill in my new apartment into my name what is the worst that can happen
clarinet is making the west wing feel like murder she wrote though
yo   just cracked that code who knew children lived in this city
  ohhhh this makes so much more sense
shout out to my neighbor who decided practicing clarinet would be her new years resolution
hahahahaha this is art
like i am hearing crying crying crying clarinet scale crying crying crying
i swear to god my neighbors are fighting and playing clarinet at the same time.
  best tweet of 2013
where can i get some of those glasses that say "2013" with the sparkles i am into those
  wait was it you in my twitter stream that was freaking out about pipe cleaner tiaras
  but brunch is my most vulnerable time
  it is true
  dont die!!!
why wont   just get back already all this bicoastal playing hard to get shit is tiring
gonna send my drone to pick me up some eggs benny
new years was chill and i am awake
  :((((
  especially the ones i steal from you
in 2013 i am going to trademark every tweet i make #business #smart
  if you tell siri you are going to kill yourself she says "really?" and then idk what happens if you say yes
bring in 2013 by binge watching west wing
2040 danny brown
2013 kendrick lamar and 2010 drake
2013 2 chainz can stay tho
bring back 2012 a$ap rocky
how do i get on magazines in 2013
in 2013 lets all work together to end the use of "lol"
    no staying in nyc :(
  yooooo it's too crazy!!!
  i have tweeted about this so many times
  is this a service you offer
  yes
  red haired boy
  holy shit &lt;33333
what if they buy it the ikea monkey
what if they name it snapchat
can you imagine what the babys instagram is going to be like?!?!
    these arent even by the same rapper!!!!
 
oh nooooooooooo
what if kanye found out via twitter
gonna get a tattoo of a baby will fill in the rest later
ahhhhhhhhh
i just lost a follower aint even mad kanye u havin a baby
this is nutz
    like a throne
    this shit is crazy
12 weeks old what the fuck all you mayan doubters talk shit nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
  only if you are a real doctor
    libby been stealing my style foreverrrrrrrrrr
what if they just name it "jonathan" or "ashley" riots
first baby to be born into twitter royalty
dont leave me alone with my stomping neighbor
kind of rough that all her family members got to tweet about it before she did tho
  your twitter name is laphroaig and ur drunk
  would block you again if this wasnt now considered a holiday a holy day
  wowww using godaddy v sus
  i cant chill bro
what if they name it "weird twitter west"
i am freaking out
will   be the godparent of royalty in 2013?!?!?!?!    
is kanye west having a child can someone confirm/deny wtf is going on im freaking out
  wait was this confirmed or what
  wait what
#classic
#irresponsible
its like 9 oclock where he lives
guys   has 14k followers and he is drunk right now
emoji are the #1 tech of 2012
yo tag me
these ppl taking a selfie while im trying to get a table better make moves
yo gurl who just got ditched at the end of the bar and is now scrolling twitter do u follow me???
i just love that video so much (sry 4 being late pls forgive)
 
  thats me
me irl  
a tv show where   and i try to date royalty of different countries
    "do you want to come back to my place and eat pizza.... royally?????"
    my only move is "do you want to come back to my place and eat pizza" so that might work spectacularly or fail miserably
i want to be president so bad
yoooo the scene in the west wing where they have the secret service take the jerks out of the bar!!!
  oh that's right! now i remember you telling me this
there are people in the world who copy jokes on twitter. on twitter. that shit blows my mind.
  you stole this joke and managed to make it worse
spring 2013 ikea monkey fashion line designed by kanye and  
ikea monkey 2013 will be your year
"impoverished cages"
holy shit   comes through with the clutch study  
dat lean  
  no i won't date you stop sending me nudes on snapchat
  what
oh fuck i forgot i have never seen the xfiles before
  seeeeeeeen it
  seen it. it is good though!
craziest part about new york city is i am pretty sure they are picking up garbage every hour every day of the week
  yo hug your moms man
  poor moms needs to hold your stuff while you selfie!
give me netflix streaming suggestions stat
  do you think donald trump undoes his own pins before he tries on dress shirts
  start playing settlers of cataan and all of a suddent your all high and mighty
  death by a thousand pins
  few
  wowwwwwww is this in 2292 wtf
  cant you just look at the buttons without unpinning tho? maybe you are supposed to try on different shirts then pick a style
  i feel like i see this all the time though?
  why would they put pins in them though this is blowing my mind
  tell them about hangers man
everytime i see a small rodent i know it is ratatouille
  some kid in the back just pinnin shirts super heated right now
  whos got time to repin that shit?
  khols is crazy man it sounds like you werent supposed to try that one on
  why did you cc me on this i still cant figure it out!
  what are you talking about
  this is fucked
baked potato
  same
   
oh shittt the west wing is on netflix
  &lt;3
micro$oft
when is the internet wall thinnest
   
      johan out there making it rain on construction workers
rt if you got banned from okcupid last night for mass messaging girls "it is the witching hour" at 4am
can it be done
i am going to spend new years trying to physically enter the world wide web
  your sister is fucking smart bc i'm gonna start saying "that is a pinteresting outfit" all the fucking time now
  the struggle
  falseeee
  everynight
dude is tryin to talk about irl girls i'm tryin to talk about url girls
in 2013 the new word for lurkin is dwelling
be honest when you selfie how many retakes do you take  
  nyc exclusive :(
  what if we just hovered the drone outside of the brothel next to pearls
  not caps (down syndrome)
tweet like you are whispering into rkellys ear
mr kelly
rkelly fav this if you are listening
internet are you listening
  why do they do this
internet are you real
  livin in ur closet woops
sad family is separated once again
okay from thsi point on i am only tweeting funny things pls stop unfollowing
yo i am incorporated now
 
    tease
  if you find a house! cc/ 
2013: yr of the lurk
trying to do some r stuff where is   when i need him
  the reason i tweet tbh  
  my bad :(
last night i made a social faux paus by saying "patrone" rather than "patron" my followers have pointed this out to me i am v v sorry
  only ethical dilemma is enjoying delicious food in the face of haters
all cashmere everything
    gold is v 2012 leopard is 2013
    sus
  hoped this would be a picture of me but then i missed him also :( is he dead
  nope i'm out
maybe
i drink patrone now
  can i drink patrone
  yesssssss
  new york
  into this new rap game pivot
v #gucci  
i would watch news bloopers for like a billion years the internet is rad
  not too late bb
  it means everything
space law gang we out here floatin around the earth legislatin &amp; podcastin cc   cc   cc  
also in 2013 i am going to get really good at that game where you put the knife inbetween your fingers
how did i sleep on the band blood orange wtf do i follow you people for anyways
space law gang
  with new guy?!
txt   asking him if he could do   he replies "oh i did that for dcpu!" -_______________________-
flashin my   tab to the hunnies
i don't even know who i follow anymore
  bothhhhhhh
one day after i am dead and gone you guys will appreciate these rap lyrics i am bringing into the internet age
she got on twitter and told on me
homeeeeeee nyc embrace me with ur puddles and awful weather
with followers like these who needs haters
    &lt;333333
in that two seat lambro
i just lost a follower
idk maybe im just cranky lately
just light your keyboard on fire and put the picture on instagram
with the catchy ambiguous subheaders
like i mean seeing a blog post recently physically exhausts me. basically any wall of text written in someones "opinion" exhausts me.
  i would be into this blog
i am so tired of blog posts
 
   
subtweet me
  &lt;3
  woahhh :(
#plur  
  do ur kids have twitter accounts yet i can make them stars
  awwww thanks bb &lt;3333
  yah noticed that trend also i am 1 degree of separation from them -___-
  nah i follow the best people on the internet we got this twitter shit on lock
  this was good :)  
  "drugs and despair"
  an homage, yes
  this is me in my other form. i'm hanging out tweetin at your house rn
sus dms asking me for my email feel like i'm in trouble with the internet police
remember that time   caught me trying to install phpmyadmin at  
  yah it takes a little getting used to but its def easy to fly. i wanted it because you can like program it to do shit
   
  dude together we can fuck shit up tho ur helicopter can cruise around while my drone is doin flips gettin hyphy
did you know all bananas are genetically exactly the same that shit is nutz
  what the fuckkkk
  move brubruh
  a little baby drone just out runnin nypd not giving a fuck
  imagine if we put an adjustable projector on top and then flew it on top of buildings and projected then flew away when cops came !!!
  yes it is too sick
can i mount a projector on top of this drone?!
  how do i follow bar owner/drunk buster and tweep buster at the same time
  love too real oceans can't keep us apart
  describe ur personas
  ok i just needed to talk this out with you i'm v unguided now that we are timezones apart &lt;333
  i'm just looking at my follow list and they are all fake :( and you get like 5k followers per month
  basically what i mean by 100% tech is take space law out of my profile and replace it with  
do you think if i went 100% tech and 0% weird twitter i would have more followers?  
50% of my jokes are drug jokes 50% of my jokes are dad jokes
    tell me
  these ice cubes are so sickkkkkk &lt;3333
my life should be more like a movie wtf internet
  it is super fun! excited to fly it around   new office
    um it has a camera and a sonar and it does flips and it autostabalizes in up to 15mph winds
    i got a drone for xmas!!' together we can take over the world
  i will go with you
  have you gone down into the sewers yet to investigate?
  what (also i fuckin misssss youuuuuu)
rip  
dude wearing a fedora in his profile just favd one of my tweets :(
  wait what is this about
ikea monkey is my fashion icon of 2013
does ikea monkey know i'm tweeting about him
what if my life is boring
xclusive "tweet as   video game holiday season 2014 tell ya parents
my drafts folder is a bookdeal
i think of like 50 tweets a day i don't even give y'all holding on to them 4 that xclusive bookdeal
  not super into this new rocky joint
best ever via    
best ever via    
woah just had a dream   was mean to me irl on a playground
my parents are dope as fuck and christmas is awesome hope all of you get all the favs and rts you asked for &lt;33333333
  with followers like this who needs haters
decided my life is chill tweens i am ur king
  wow no credit given damnnnnn
the tweens retweeted and i assessed my life
for christmas i got emotional
rt if you have shards of glass in your hand from your broken iphone but you think it looks to cool to fix
just pulled glass out of my hand merry christmas
  nooo why dat feel guy start drinking???
deleted my megu it was too much commitment he got way too needy
merry christmas
when internet cliques meet
rkelly overwhelms me
  yes! did you know he is illiterate!!!
  sus chef boyardee
      forever martyr :(
      lol @ robey tweeting from japan or some shit wtf is yorufukuorou
      i think this every time robey tweets!!!! i assume it comes by default on the blackberry tho so he doesn't have a choice
episode of catfish where they go to the persons house and you see a catfish flopping around in front of a computer. girl starts crying.
i am actually a catfish irl
i am catfishing all of you right now
  this is an abomination
i am the founder of the catfish fan club
    yo bring me some food from tgifs
catfish
    pretty sure this was in princeton code
  internet queen
  holy shit buy it cc/  
  snapchat me all night pls
iano666's iano666 say:we visited (  and kimmy! we want to visit again soon! #kawaii_pet
  priceless i can make him one though
  did your kid really just write this? blew my mind  
  u tryin to get blocked for christmas
in art class one year i made a ninja monkey with a gold banana chain  
  boring tweet
iano666's iano666 say:in ball toss, i counted up to 11. looks like i have good sense. tee hee!!. dl:  #kawaii_pet
will my megu ever love me
searching kawaii on itunes store as a lifestyle
  yessssss. i'm gonna make u a starrr
what should i have for lunch
sending homoerotic snapchats to  
what happened with the nra????  i missed something i think
give me hot chocolate and a bagel and lay me down
  you are the best at that company we are all relying on you!!!!
  &lt;333333
  ruffffffff
  bring booze what happened to parking lot chillin internet wife
  false
i have said too much
  miss u bb
rt if you became a vp at twitter because you could control me and   and thus they knew you could handle shit
  single handedly killing my brand. i hope the power is worth it. remember you first pmed me and  
why isnt   spending xmas with my family
  what about "freshmannnnnn"
twitter you are v bossy    
still tryin to get with my ex girlfriend
  &lt;3333333 ill always follow u bb welcome back
  yes
fuck ur ipo
also im unfollowing anyone who didnt fav my cat shirts tweet because that will go down in history as the peak of this internet service
  #1 hater sad u live life with so much agression
and   is sexting me but im trying to say no but she is private so i cant even help her personal brand
and i am using   phone charger bc i know its real
my moms put a bunch of xmas lights on my bed so im sleeping in a christmas wonderland
i cut my hand on some glass from my broken iphone because hamden is mad real
yo hamden report #1:
  sext
cat shirts own everything around me
wait is the ikea monkey male pr female v v v important
yessssss yalie screaming "5-0!!" down the street just got arrested this is justice.
    fyi this is my parents cd
corgs  
of those reindeer the one on the right posing is   and the one on the left with the dope fur is me
 
look at these pimp reindeer my mom got for our mantle  
merry xmas  
  thank youuuu
someone photoshop a santa hat on that ikea monkey
who's smoking weed on metro north everyone lookin around mad sus
  the word "crazy" is dismissive
yuck
  moby was the og hipster
.   only person to rob a bank and then get a debit card with his pic on it after
yung   #identitytheft  
dude turned us down just trying to get an eggs benny out here
  you win :(
if i see moby on nye will he understand i am #1 fan and invite me backstage?
too late for brunch in greenpoint :(
need a new iphone to hold my apps
real life last night someone asked   and i if we were as "depressed as ur tweets make you sound"
  move to new york!
egg nog till im in on my back
snapped my ankle twerkin in the shower and got home at 6am last night feelin v  
  eating in manhatten gives me anxiety i decided to go to brooklyn where i dont need to make decisions -___-
someone unfollowed me after my idols tweet i feel v v v blessed
  yeah 5 leaves decision is made c u @ 3
  brooklyn i want to go to that place that is like a triangle next to the park and drink bloody marys till i die
  actually no im coming to brooklyn meet you at the l stop
  the second place i texted you about gonna jump in the shower now then grab laundry 3 oclock brunch time c u there bb
unfollow your idols
out here policing the internet keeping yall in check
  timehop doesnt mean you can just tweet 4 year old shit all the time
  did u go to your neighbors house to send this tweet
  merry christmas!!!
imagine going to someones apartment and being like "whats the wifi password" and them being like "oh i dont have internet"
  freakkkkkkkkkkkkk
dont ask me questions just give me answers ( 
    kk next week in new york sounds good cant wait &lt;3
where can i get eggs benedict in the east village
    wait you havent had internet installed in your apartment?
death
girl telling the boy outside the bar about her 11th grade thesis paper: i am so down
  yes!!!
  what the fuckkkkk
in every generation there is a chosen one. she alone will stand against the haters.
  i'm basically just guessing at this point
  what did i fuck up
why were the mayans such dicks
at least the illuminati is still v real and v out there
over their picture book writing
over their crazy lion head statues
over their lame pyramids
fuck the mayans
i have entered a deep depression why did the mayans fuck with me like that
  i am bringing   to your party btw
are their support groups for this?
i don't really understand where the mayans went wrong
  dude you don't need a visa to live in the internet. join me
  this is me irl
everybody's working for the w͉͈͖̌̄̿̈͂ė̶̩̫̬̥̭͇̳̻ë͍́̐́ͩ̽ͅk̢͉ͫ̓͛ͯ̈́ȩ̰̤̳̭͕̼͓͐ͩ̏̔̿̌͆̇ͅn̨̰͋̉̔͋̓ͧ͂̿͘d̴̷̥̮͕̝̪ͩ͐̚
  is this real life?
  two chainz duh
it's all pretty chill. bummed on the lack of retina on this ipad mini tho
economies of scale will raise my children
the world is ending and the city is desperate
  this photo is my spirit animal
  #1 internet mom
errr it is actually giving me anxiety i am internet anxious
that tweet gave me anxiety
also cc/   my eromenos
it's the end of the world lets fuck cc/  
  i tried to have a chia pet it is not as glamorous as the commercial makes it look
  hahaha prob
trying to have a polygamist relationship with all my followers and the ikea monkey
 
would   be weirded out if he walks into my house and im drinking champagne on this air matress with my pillow pet
shoutout to me for having more followers than the new cfo of twitter
shoutout to the corgs of the world for keeping it low
  shoutout for taking a picture of your desktop with your phone
  ?
end of the world coming out ur haters
  my mom buys me all these books every christmas and i don't really know what to do with them? books take up mad space
  i fell asleep :(
    whattttt really. does she dream about ghost cats?
ghost cats
i think the dream was related to my stomping neighbor
and then it was like 30 cats and i was super chill with that bc there was no cat hair and i didnt have to feed them
and it was just more annoying than anything because they would like try to make creepy noises but i was like this isnt as scary as the mvies
i just had the craziest dream about my house being haunted. basically it was haunted by a bunch of cats and the worst ghosts ever
  well my neighbor is awake and our schedules have basically synced at this point
  whatchu know about it  
that last tweet might have alienated some followers
rt if you are only in love with artschool girls on the internet
modern day y2k
out your crushes the world is ending
the world ends friday. i am going to get so drunk and tweet so much
  we can rub chalupas on eachother and call it art
  bring me taco bell bb
  howwwwww
should i get taco bell right now or what
    one time i tried to sneak on to the suggested users list and they denied it :(
   
  lolllllll jk
  what if follower numbers don't mean anything
  oh   made this in line camera
  woah after seeing the replies to this tweet i think you might have more real followers than me
  an old problem that relied on technology being magic
  no but i taught him to bark to the snoop song that has the hook "snoop doggy doggggg"
jack got that wintertime pudge i relate
  quote it out girl
  a billion times
  is it the same one that was in weeds?
the fact that one of the olsen twins is in the wackness blows my mind every time
errr   and i
when is the last time you tried to tweet something that was longer than 140 characters. that shit blows my mind
imagine how many sick photoshops would exist on the internet if me and   lived together
    buying these
a boy with two corgis: a love story
look at how fat jack (on the right) got  
  i noticed! looks good :)
i wish it included the cats tattoo tho :(
yo check out this chill illustration   got done of me for our about us page  
can a man survive on pizza alone: the ian ownbey story
what time zone were the mayans in??
 
someone buy me this  
how did   find me on snapchat
left sf giving   the crown
  gone in 6 minutes starring that bro from the rock
 
#1 fear: bugs coming out of my shower drain
stomp it out neighbor
  noob
  i would be interested in learning the coding side of this alongside you
grade me twitter
  i'm ur man whatsup
rap game taco bell
sus modelos  
  keanu is busy eating thai food
like to envision my upstairs neighbor is caught in a speed like situation and if she stops rearranging furniture the apartment will blow
  you can chat a group in snapchat
2fuckedup2makefriends
2sleepy2tweet
my spirit animal  
i'm gonna take a pic tmrw of me in all my xmas cat swag and crash twitter
dopest xmas present ever emo cat from    
listen to bright eyes in ur dark apartment, alone
    you need to send me some nudes to get an invite
also last night   bought   for our snapchat clone im stoked about it
guys i think i want to become a high frequency trader
  never wear just a blazer have some respect
  this is the sickest group everrrrrr
  if you die you just get uploaded to the internet so it's chill
  me!
  wrong
where do twitter accounts go when they die
   
i fav everything they are free and they get people mad stoked
  you are the only one who understands me
im losing my edge, to the startup kids with c's in their titles
oh wait jk this maps app scrolls like an android phone
never been more likely to buy an android than after google started releasing these amazing apps for the iphone
  just use your hands... alpha as fuqq
"let's move the discussion to branch so we don't bother the delicate nick kallen."    
jays verse on never let me down
worried i have lost my cynicism.
    me + a corgi with impact font "rip"
    put my picture on itttttt
              or a  
  this isnt how you are supposed to use twitter
    this is my new phone wallpaper
  soulmates bb
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~depression~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  what do you mean
is it possible to flirt via snapchat or is it more all or nothing
imagine if you combined cinemagram and snapchat
  blocked
my first full sentence as a child was a subtweet
  lame
  when do you get back
  you need to hand wash elegant stuff like that i think
  you definitely can not put champaign flutes in the dishwasher
buy me a knockoff version of the ikea monkeys jacket for christmas so i know it's real
  only way to find out is to literally get inside and have   turn it on
  dudes just tryin to chilllllllllllll
if ur tweeting photos without filters on them you're #basic
  tweet me this pic i'm tryin to steal this move
since moving to new york i haven't quoted jay z once r u proud twitter?!
  hahahaha ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
december 21st  
  this happened to me for like 2 years after i dropped out
  how stoked are you that you guys now do announcements on eastcoast time so you need to be awake at 7am
wait is it too late to get a flu shot/do flu shots still kill you? (sorry mom)
god life cat fuck  
  o_o
  yes all the time
  twinssss  
lol jk guys i need some friends
im not here to make friends
im not sure whats going on
  we will see
emotional
  how are you feeling
    smh
married to the favs
    what the fuckkkk
  just tryin to be nice
  :(
  💎
television: best invention of 2012
emoji: best invention of 2012
  no! is this good?
i could watch tv shows about rich people killing eachother basically forever
  cmonnnn now you are just making shit up
  dude i totally thought of you when writing this! i thought you said "than" was for comparison!!
i am so sorry if you follow me and you follow less then 400 people :(
  have you heard this purity ring album
  have you become sentient
  felt very "dance monkey, dance"
  this happened all the time when i worked for twitter it was a pretty major bummer
  whenever i hang out with people who only know me from the internet they are always v v disappointed
  welcome to the internet!
a world where   is my father and i keep telling him to stop tweeting because he is embarrassing me infront of the internet
 
what happens after i block all of my followers
  welcome to san francisco!
a tornado flew around my twitter account before you followed excuse the mess it made
i refuse to listen to this wiz album because of that fucking cover
has anyone ever done partial twitter permissions in an app before? like asking for permissions as needed? how difficult was it?
  miss you bb
    usually the idea is there are set expectations for each "number", so you can know what to do if you want a prom
gmail  is down the mayansss knewwwww
  i mean it is soulless if there is no clear path to improve.
  what if your childs rebellion phase is he just listens to mad mozart and wears a bow tie
  i think this is actually pretty common
mitt ru ok
  happy to see katt williams is still cameing rap songs
  boooooo
i dont think this chia pet is working out
flaverall
   
that faverall joke though
  wait have you stopped typing in all caps all the time or am i just desensitized
  this blog is too intense. i thought it was going to be chill like when people put their hair on other peoples heads
  is this your blog
  woahhh why are you in reno
that joke was intense
faverall
a drug that you take that just makes you fav a bunch of tweets
not updating flash as a lifestyle
chachachachia
guys i got a chia pet  
  this is grim fuck the haters
  snap chat
been working on that tweet for like 2 years
new fav city
corgis are vicious
do you think my neighbor is tired of hearing this kanye west album yet
  i wont read it until you write it in cursive
so stoked for when writing in cursive becomes nostalgic and cool
  no they will just be bummed they hooked up with the wrong person
i just remembered i bought cereal a week ago no one is more stoked on life than me
  shhhhh sleep now bb rest ur weary eyes
do u even emoji bro?
closet  
wait i didnt hear the door close it is possible   said he was leaving and is now just hiding in the closet or something
man   just left im cryin
crazy thankful #blessed
rt if you found your bar that plays rap
rt if you live across the street from a vampire bar
  visit please!!!
shoutout to   who died on the dance floor death by a thousand budlights
shoutout to my followers who are on the west coast and it is like 9pm. shoutout to this dude sitting next to me who just said "reeks of weed
new york is basically what goosebumps warned me about
a crowd full of girls drinking budlight im still not chill with that
yo   just went into a crowd of women while thriller was playing rip
everyone drinks budlight what the fuck happened to pbr what the fuck happened to tecate
who drinks bud light new york is the midwest
girl just charged 4 bud lights for her and her boyfriend to her amex chargin it to the game
hey   delete my account pls
i am deleting this account bye
rackkkkkkkkkkkkkkkcity
rt if ur googling how old rappers are in the corner of the bar and   is cryin
rack city
  are you in my house
  i think about you 4 times a day
  woah why is your collar blue
      planned up to skype sesh with me
  whoops meant   ! suggestions welcome though
someone tell me a bar in east village that plays rap music      
  right!!!
   
  woah
:( :( :(   via  
  yayayay
  aw i still like you 2 bb
    my legacy lives on
the only joy i have in the world is defining mocked out data in tests to ratchet shit
  explain the hours you keep to me
    blog it out man, the internet is free for everyone &lt;3
  added!
i need to add people to this   group because   is schooling all of us in trashy tv. ask to join pls  
  the keep
hoping this is exactly like eyes wide shut
i'm at the mckittrick hotel/sleep no more (new york, ny) w/ 6 others  
has there ever been a more poignant song lyric than "deuces minus one / middle finger to the sky / tonight" (no)
   
all fuzzy everything
  what is this new avi
  what are the other ones
what part of new york did hey arnold take place in?
who the fuck narc'd on 3-g that is fucked up out urself
my home  
  that is exactly charging it to the game!
  why ew i had a 100$ credit
oh shit i promoted my tweets dont ban me pls
  y bb
  wowww sold out
  tryin to send you mad cat pixxx
  add me on snapchat
  oh shittttt
  basically i have internalized all of the best parts of the internet and they come out through my tweets
  woahhhhh this is awesome
on the run from   and   im like twitter mcafee out here
  we gonna eat pizzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa once you get here
lol jk i am actually verified idk what that dude is talking about
snitch
  jajaja
  new avi is sus
it bums me out so much when i try to say hahaha but type jajaja by accident and then i dont send it because of societal norms :(
  hahahahaha yesss
  yes this is v common
the internet  
    already been there done that
  tell me how it isssssss
  !!!!
g+: if a service is forced onto every user of the internet, but no one actually uses it, does it actually exist?
i don't think i could handle getting e-bullied
snapchat won't let me put 666 in my username -_-
who took iano on snapchat out urself
  word i got you an air mattress mad comfy
  how fucked will you be tonight
  will you comp the flight
  yo pls add me
  oh shittt that's sick how is the future
    noooo this sounds like the worst idea i would cry
  wait are you living in the future or the past right now
what would happen if my followers and   followers fought
    getting very close to blocking material
changed my twitter name back because my mom yelled at me
  yes: my twitter account. happy to do an interview for obama for a small fee
  oh fuck aight cleaning now
yung twitterati out here in nyc
no idea when   is getting here but know its this week 2 stoked 2 tweet
  whattttt there are mosquitos here
  that is what happened with  
  i am not an internet pimp
    check the avi
      yeah i thought you were saying 'boooooo' in which case i support
    manage my twitter accounts career pls
  boooooooo
twitter is awesome because it lets you hang out with drug addicts without actually having to hang out with drug addicts
   
join my branch group to talk about alienz  
would you vote for me for king of england
basically i haven't experienced silence in 4 weeks
  hahaha yeah i have! it is great. my general inspiration for programming
b͓̲ͧͮ̿r̦̭̞̤̘͇ͮ̄̆̑̽͋̈ê̗̹̑̔ͫ͛̋̓aͬ͐̒kͭ̔̆̈́͑̊ͥi͊̂́ͨn̅ͦͨͯͧ͊g̙͍͇͕͍̬̿̌̉̋͊ ņ͡͡҉̧̹̪̖̭̞̤̜̗͔͚͎̰̜͖̞ͅͅę̸̘͓͍̟̫̥̜͢ẁ̕҉̩͚̞͖͍̘̳̣̖̯͈̮̮̠͓̻̹̙̲͜͝ş̫̦͈̰̭̻̜͍̀͘͜
  you are the only one who supports my cause
babies are basically totally terrified when they are born wtf
    you have all been livin in the 70s 2012 we all sleep shirtless
make me mint tea
i wish everyone took a picture of their current situation when they tweeted
  that is v hidden. gonna cruise the app and try to drag shit down now
  woahhhh
  idk she is moving her family i think she is chill
lol @ twttr for not showing me the tweet i am replying to when i am replying to something on my phone
  commit to my open source bb
  she would definitely be the type to say "i'm 30" until she dies
  no she isn't she has a billion kids i think she is lyin
  yes
  but i'm watching the show and she seems very emotional and sad
  literally i tweeted this so i could get your opinion
  whatttt really
is sister wives a legit show
shoutout to spencer's for still existing
shoutout to people's who's phones auto correct to all caps
shoutout to 24 hour walgreens
ready for the world to end on this album
this wu block. album
beyonce
should i leave my apartment today or no
if you have my number pls call my phone it is lost
idk
  :( :( :( the saddest
i feel like i have been tired forever
  can i get an amen
  i promise to always have drugs and never judge.
  real talk dm me ur vows i know an internet priest this can happen right now
  i was talking about   but we can all date on the internetz
  ok good happy we are on same page i have been telling people about my internet gf for months
run run away
  can we date
psycho killer
also i never hustled to get anyone the twitter name they wanted except   and he doesn't even tweet
brooklyn is my home especially when   is here
deeper than snax
  thanks for the follow bb
  when i subtweet u and u fav i know it is real
it is ten o'clock. do u no where ur bb is?!
twitter dot com i think ur chill
  liesssssssss
tryin to buy an xmas tree when   gets here
  the whole internet is my bb fuck you
#ff  
  i miss you more than anything in the world
living in new york is like living in sf except better
pizza as a way of life
  cheer up rob
  yessss
  can i interview as   pls
  have you gone insane
  noooooo
whisper me bb
why didnt they name dms "whispers"
  i mean im watching some cool tv on my computer right now that is pretty chill and feels kind of future
  the dream
how do i not own soup
  oh alison
   
  what if your mom finds that
  no
  twitter account suicide pact
    in 2 yrs unfav will replace fav ironically, making favs obsolete.
  who is emo now
am i an internet sensation yet
petition for   to gchat me so she can join my   group to talk about aliens
nasa you keep announcing water on planets we havent sent robots too yet i am catching on to your game
  sellout
internet cops subtweet me
    is a professional i trust his opinion when it comes to cops
(late on this) but this new weeknd album o_o pretty sure i would fall in love in a real way with someone if i went to one of their shows
  ummmm pretty sure bitcoins solved this already
sometimes twitter bums me out sometimes twitter makes me happy
  i am sorry i got mad i &lt;3 you and i &lt;3 twitter. you won me back over with that last rt
  just give me an   only feature that tells me "from mobile" or "from the world wide web" or "from a blackberry?!?!"
  i know you know
  why do i need to make assumptions what kind of product is this
  i do this already and it makes me anxious because i cant know what type of device they tweeted it from!!!
  god finally. don't you have some say in this?
  yeah definitely.
  so does ganglia
          also graphite is pretty old we thought about using it for reunion
          basically i won ( and           )
  oh this isn't the all ages place
  how is this legalllll
  we might need to skype watch this show
    wut
  ugh i can't handle it
  it is so good
    literally everywhere i go i scope out to see if they have an outlet near the towels to see i can buy this
    out urself
  heated litter box
  your use of heaters is super elegant. heater towel racks? space heaters in bed? prob got heated blankets and floors
first one to register   gets to boss me around
i am going to make a private twitter and only   can follow
twitter is too real i'm deleting my account
  this was a good movie
  klout
  fuck
  was he in this?
  i play 4 favs
true life: i watched a movie starring jack black by accident
  wtf are you saying about my followers
i will appear
look in the mirror and read my tweets aloud
  #twitterafterdark
  idk i think my tweets are just #latenighttweets and so 9pm west coast time isn't cutting it
2002 sounds like a year from the future but it is not
literally new york imports their internet connections from 2002
  i gotta like time shift my tweets or something
  holy fuck this fucked my whole life up
  i'm fucked.
  11 west coast was mine but 11 east coast is fucking my whole shit up
  do i pour it on the couch or something
i am scared my new couch isn't comfortable
  when is prime time moving to the east coast fucked my intuition up i'm losing klout
  do you see how fast i   that i have a problem :/
  yes you understand me
i get really anxious when i tweet too much
  if you tweeted this without the   i bet you would get at least 5 favs 1 retweet
what sentence isn't better when you all caps it
  ill buy 50 for your welcoming party when you and   move
rewinding netflix 5 minutes because you were tweeting is the modern rereading paragraphs because you spaced out
    i am upset.
  it has been like 5 months since we dm'd about this i thought we were bros
  alright ill trust you but i'm unfollowing if you're wrong
  idk i'm not as down with aliens
  someone ask a tea time question about the app link under a tweet and skype me in this is fucked
  season 2!
twitter needs to bring back the app link under a tweet   what the fuck how can i creep like this
  what have i been saying
avoiding everyone as a service
  megu gets a house furby gets to watch you watch tv. sus
  sad you are neglecting your furby for your megu
  when you move we can get our lip tats
  the quote was "i would be so bummed if babies killed my company"
  also move here!
  yessss thanks!
serious question: how long does it take a deli to make an egg and cheese sandwich, do i have time for that this morning?
  i also wanted to bleach the tips of my hair really bad when i was 14
would you still love me if i had a rancid neck tattoo
my biggest regret in life is not getting a green day tattoo when i was 14
real life shit   cc/ 
me irl  
  it was! i favd it! we understand eachother.
  oh nvm i misunderstood
  are you watching catfish
  dude can you just run this you know how apis are hard
  damnnnn
  wayyyy more than this
will someone who works for   pls tell me how many people i have blocked
do you think people miss me when i block them?
i don't think you guys fully appreciate my lifestyle
you know i just watched the entire first season of american horror story in the last 3 days
over everything as a lifestyle
  no because i don't have an instagram
i would pay a billion dollars if nasa took a cat to the moon
woke up today decided i was going to make dad jokes all day
that was the worst tweet i have ever made someone delete this account rip  
amber is the color of your energy  
actually no i can't do this
listening to moby
what is megu
  us next week  
  want to start an emo band with me and go on warped tour?
  yuppp basically my life now
will someone please just hook it up so i can meet   ??           this must be possible
  nooooo i was hitting up all my   people whyyyyy i was so close
lol if you follow me and dont think you are just going to hear about me bitching about the weather for the next 5 months
95% chance you are a sociopath if you say "i love the rain"
follows for my haters
  haters unfollow
  suicide pacts for my haters
what if jay z ran for mayor of new york
*enters a deep depression due to weather*
this show is like grown up halloweentown
ghosts were the first lurkers
  i don't want to be in it!
  i am fuckedddddd
  me
  idk might just be the neighbors
  i hope the baby is born in full leather
  always the voice of reason i think my house is haunted 3 times a day and debate breaking the lease
  woah and shit just got real who is this attic creature
  it is so good! i'm on ep 7 just started
  first sign of demon gimp and i'm out
  oh man! i'm almost through the first season i have watched it in 2 days
  go to a friends house get an airbnb
  have you watched this show?
  ok just tell me. yes!
how haunted would your house need to be before you moved out? i would basically be out instantly i don't understand these people
  oh crap i forgot to send this email! do you still need a broker?
  woahhhh
  fuck you
    oh never mind it   you that's lame
    woah was this real
  "via basic google search i found these are actually pics of jessica alba"
  also if the dude says he is a model and then only has modeling pics: ur being catfished
  nah my therapist needed an hour at least
  right?! facetime will be our first lesson. mail me a polaroid or something
  imagine being in love with someone on the internet for years and not getting nudes once?!
  half the show will us teaching people how to use the internet
rt if you want me and   to help you meet your internet love
  i'm trying to help other people find their love!
  this show is awesome!!! imagine if we could get a twitter crew together to host it
  look who's got vague metaphors now
  idk why i keep favin your corny jokes
i'm worried i have alienated my followers
  yes! please!
down to kick it not down to fav
if i could just kick it with a dude in a gimp suit on the couch and he laughed at my jokes i would be pretty down
basically this show is a soap opera with creepy music and a demon in a gimp suit
rt if you are trying to get with everyone you ever favd
  yeah like a next level awkward way of flirting
"weird twitter innovator" will go on my gravestone
is subfavin a thing? did i just coin that?
god i give up i can't spell twitter sucks
watching american horror story until i die rip
  you say "oh ian" to me all the time!!
  ill tell you what not to do: search milking on youtube
i want answers on that   tweet i just retweeted
  want to share a twitter account
and shared netflix accounts &lt;3 u   thanks for that
oh shared okcupid accounts for lurking is chill also
imagine sharing your internet brand with someone?!
joint bank accounts make sense in some cases, but joint internet accounts are sus. no one wants to deal with that
like when people get married and have joint emails or facebooks
joint anything accounts freak me out
  hahahhahah yes
current cats tattoo status:  
why wont   respond to me i am trying to buy him tixxx like a good bf
  check dms bb
  :(
the internet is kind of boring if you dont live in sf
  i am hip on this lingo
pretty sure i just closed that case
what if   finishes on december 21st and that is what the mayan calendar is about
more like slacker news amiright
in a future, where old people listen to trap
  sus -_____-
  you took two more?!
should i burn sage in my new apartment
  good call
  not on rdio :(
woah did greg delete his twitter?!
what should i listen too on this train ride    
  hahahahaha godddd i wish
my work is done
  it really is
i mean i just don't buy a lot of what this tv show is telling me
i might be over the history channel :/
  amazing.
  i haven't seen!
  you are so hip
i don't want sex i just want to watch ancient aliens and text emoji
rt if u r heartless in nyc
rt if u think   is dreamy
  yayyyy!!!
rt if you are scared to visit sf again bc u know you will cry the whole time
  don't hate after i just retweeted you. hug   for me next time you see him
sf has my heart
  i don't even know you anymore.
  pleaseeeeeeee! i would love it!
  this is my lifeeeeee
  miss u 2 :(
                   
     
  i am not thankful you are across the country bc i miss you :''''(
after someone jumped from space it has all kind of gone downhill
has anyone played the new hitman game? is it any good?
ever since i quit twitter i delete my tweets way more often
  drink.
this website gives me depression
  “  i have a crush on  
emoji are the modern day sonnet
edward in the sunlight is shocking
  will they let miles into the army
does the army let you tweet?
maybe ill join the army
  preach
  are you a real twitter account or a parody
can you leave a tv outside overnight or will it fuck it up
 
    your trashball skills are the most impressive thing i have ever seen #truth
  come to my house
turkey for my haters
  i think there is a big cyberpunk community in nyc tho
  can we base our tv network out of nyc
  this should be one of our shows on our tv station
my sister just cried over a commercial
rt if ice t and coco are your relationship role models
    i deleted the tweet i just made so if you get push notifications you will enjoy
also thankful for cats corgis and the internet
kind of want to watch football because of   and   what the fuck is happening to me
    yesss i love him so much!
weird twitter freaks out on thanksgiving
  gotta be verified like me and  
godddddd why wont   pick me up already
how have i never watched duck dynasty before tonight
  i just tried it and i guess a scan is the same as a picture. lame
  i am gonna start scanning mad shit and just emailing it around
ok real talk i just scanned a bunch of shit with my iphone how is this not the future. shout out to   for the clutch suggestion
you think the chicken masala from sbarro is good? related i am in hamden connecticut.
  hi hater
    snackin and navigatin
where is the bar car on metro north trains
  yes! i think so.   and hilary are my hamden tour guides :)
love is a battlefield
going back to my home town makes me anxious
do you think growing up in the romney household was anything like growing up in the 7th heaven household
  into it
  this new avatar is intimidating
the difference between me and    
   
ball so hard garbage collector tryin to find me
branch office bumpin hyphy   twerkin
  o wait i lied :(
  lies. i dont see any emails! imownbey  ?
or the new manhunt
is linkedin like the new okcupid?
configuring ci servers sup  
      woah
  ur back!!!!
  you still owe me and   40 dollars motherfucker
  also no pictures of me and   and your cats?
  woah not super elegant you need like a flower or something
  woah you work in a cubicle? take a pic
fuck it im becoming a brony
  totally saw it on facebook!
  "why is your cat in a stroller smoking a blunt and drinking mountain dew?"
  it would be awesome i have so many railings for miles to sit on and my window is perfect for chloe to gaze out of
should go to work but really just want to lay on this all day and listen to bon iver on vinyl or some shit
making this house a home like a motherfucker
  oh shit i almost forgot you and miles in my last tweet
i got a couch. sf come sleep on this          
i like to think all my alien talk was inspiration for kanyes line "we on a galaxy that you haters can not visit"
slightly emotional
  oh shit i got you. dm me your email.
  hahahahahahaha
ups where are you
me irl  
a dude with this avatar just started following me  
do you guys remember animorphs
  you tweet this every 2 months
how chill do you think the whitehouse is
  how could i not remember you're left handed everytime i meet a left handed person i say "my sis is left handed!!"
  i imagine having a slow cooker feels like the gods cooked for you
left handed people i sympathize  
parents put me as a character in the next story!!!!!
yo parents: do your kids ask you to "tell a story" ever? do you just like make that shit up or what
    yes
  yes
actually this movie is awful i'm just trying to see when this dude becomes the craigslist killer
sext: i downloaded a bunch of lifetime movies
i modeled my internet persona off of jim carrey in cable guy
  me too!
not eating all day so that i can be extremely pleasant at dinner
i think i seriously broke my ankle last night   mail me your cane
twisted my ankle in da club :(
  too soon?
  u r free
all your favorite bands do coke
 
  i cant handle these non caps throwback tweets
  ill b your grandson bb
need a new crib to hold my klout perks
  bb i m in new york
my kingdom for a couch
   
  dudeeee i'm already on it if you had rdio
  dude i am so about this you don't even know
    "a klout score over 17 reveals that people find you so appealing that you inspire them" 17! below us
  use a decompiler bro r u even a hacker?
   
    ohhhh shittttt
when i die bury me in relevancy
this will manifest by renaming circles to gangs and a sponsorship deal with #yungkloutgang and all the oakland kids who stay in the realm
in a sales call today g+ said they are making moves on "fringe twitter" and are hoping to "give the weird kids a place to hang out"
google+ poppin off with them deep thoughtz
"▲▲▲▲▲▲ 
what would you change?
love."  
  this is my daily occupy movement
the internet runs thicker than blood
  yupppppppp
yo are you guys up on this water called "volvic" this shit is tasty
boycotting the japanese until they make a corgi emoji
get up off the pavement wash the dirt up off my psyche
  god i am so homo for his flow
  you dont get to complain about weather
godddd this new earl song is so dope
  why did you do this it makes me anxious
   
   
      waiting for the   retweet
    dude imagine if assassin creed 5 was titled "cats throughout history"
this website makes me anxious
    this whole conversation made me anxious especially because twitter dot com fucked up so it was impossible 2 follow
  yessssssssss
sometimes when i say bb i pretend like i am french
  dont blame the cache bb u r beautiful
  for a second it was super big and it was the best
  say this to me once your avi is more zoomed into your mouth
should i walk 2 blocks and get pizza. it is 1am. cc  
  says the girl who ordered a globe from my amazon account
  these are like from the pre instagram phase but they look just as chill
  woah that is a commitment
  who took these pictures
  woah is your first name erik
  what mindset makes a multilevel type hierarchy with layered abstractions better than searching a three-line table
real talk i need to block like 4 haters a day
  understands  
the world is a lie and u r 2
no one will love you for your klout
   
i just don't want to do all this work for nothing
do they at least know that i am trying to warn you all about them
do the aliens read my twitter
  you. maybe  
they out there  
yo tell me 2012 isnt real haters  
    how to add chainz till you have 2 chainz
    how to stack swagger pt.3
    how to add stackz on stackz on stackz
where is the gay neighborhood in nyc i need to go there to get my haircut next time
  pay me im an art dealer
    false dilemma everyones love can be bought with ego-stat counting that is how the internet works
        they were planted i checked under those chairs
        you are fucking with me
        no way
  this isn't the same as you being like "oh the store is 5 clicks away" or whatever and then just giving me that goofy fucking look
  do u work with  
  soooo you come here often
   
that last tweet was a subtweet at  
god you know how everyone has that annoying friend who will only use military time and the metric system
  even the best robots need a tuneup here and there &lt;3
    i am so out of touch after moving to nyc that i don't even know what this tweet means :( i feel like you :( :( :(
        damnnnn look who has built up a classification system
  am i supposed to change dns on the router or my laptop
  i did it will this work
  wait for real or are you fucking with me
  oh man you told me it had basically faded i was so heart broken
  same mind same lip tattoo
  woah is that true i never got that far
worst hacker :(
nooooooooooooooooooo my wireless is still fuckeddddddd
